---
title: The SoftwareIdeas.io Daily Blog
description: From launch to today
date: 2020-08-03T00:00:00-04:00
tags: []
published: true
---

## Table of Contents

(I only link the interesting days in the table-of-contents below. Click on a month to see all posts in that month)

1. [About](#whats-this-about)
2. [Updates](#updates)
    1. [July ($0 MRR -> $1,692 MRR)](#july)
    2. [August (\$1,730 MRR -> ?)](#august)
        1. [August 3rd](#august-3rd)
        2. [August 4th](#august-4th)

## What's this about?

The SoftwareIdeas.io daily blog is home to my daily stand-up of the project. Each day, I talk about what's been happening, what's on my mind, and how I plan to move the business forward.

## Why should I care?

If you're interested in seeing the unfiltered behind-the-scenes of how SoftwareIdeas.io came about, you'll be able to find it here. It starts from the day I joined a group where everyone in the group was planning on launching a new product within the month.

I wanted to join, even though the month before (June 2020) I had acquired pre-sales for my product, at the time just called the "Downstream SaaS Newsletter". I hadn't launched it publicly yet, so it was a good fit. In these daily updates, you'll see the product go from $0 MRR and skyrocket to over $1,500 by the end of the first month. The specifics of how I did it are all included in the updates.

## Hey, you're missing some posts...

Sorry about that. I'm working on getting them moved over. Expect this in the next couple days.

#### Now, onto the post!

---

## Updates

### July

Porting these over shortly! For now, [you can read them here](https://t.co/9oNjKYXXg1?amp=1)

### August

#### August 3rd

**$1,806 MRR, $5,866 in sales**

I worked a lot this weekend on the Membership site, and it's starting to come along nicely. I was able to get a Phoenix application that is using a new authorization framework that makes things stupid easy (and is secure by default).

It only took a day to implement user registration, login, forgot password emails, and "keep me signed in" options!

So far I'm thinking that I made the right decision to hand-roll the site myself instead of using Memberstack, even though typically I'd say that you shouldn't write your own code just to save money in a business. The reason it's different for me is because Memberstack and similar have two big flaws:

1. They want to be the source of truth for your members, including payments. That means I would have either had to figure how to integrate their payments on my marketing page (which is auto-generated by landen.co and may have been impossible), or I would have had to scrap my marketing page and build one from scratch, which seemed like making work to save work.
2. They can only dynamically hide content, meaning that if for some reason Memberstack fails to load on your site, non-authenticated visitors can see all of your content, even things that should be hidden.

With Phoenix, I can keep Stripe as my single source of truth (great since I depend on it for my landing page and things like Baremetrics), plus I can more reliably hide content, since the user's browser will never even see the hidden content unless they are already authenticated. Phoenix makes this really easy.

Even though I probably worked 8-10 hours, I specifically didn't do any work in customer support or marketing, and I think it did a lot of good for me recharging my batteries.

Working only on development actually felt like a fun way to spend the weekend, so I'm feeling relatively recharged. I think I'll be forcing myself to do this on the weekends more often.

Of course, it means that today I have a backlog of things to do. Here are my goals:

-   Switch my daily updates to my blog (if you're reading this, it's already done!)
-   Let my friends on MegaMaker know
-   Edit Issue #8
-   Write Idea #1 for Issue #9
-   (Stretch) Add Stripe integration into the membership site, to only allow people to register if they have an active subscription

Like I've mentioned before, Monday is my big day for getting ahead, but that being said even this is probably beyond my reach. It's 7:00 AM now and I need to edit by 8:30. Normally that wouldn't be too hard, but I've been thinking more about the free newsletter.

The free newsletter has only been generating 25-35% opens. Currently, the free newsletter is the exact same as the paid newsletter, but it hides some sections. Basically, it includes the market research, but not the software idea.

I've been thinking about how I could make it better. I'm still debating this and I'm out of time, so I think Issue #8's preview newsletter will have to be the same format as I've had before. I'll see what I can come up with for Issue #9.

Alright, last thought: I've only had 3 out of 10 resubscribe from the original pre-sale. Not great numbers, unfortunately. If we apply that to my regular customers, we would have almost 25% monthly churn, which is not sustainable. The goal of August is to double the value of a subscription, which hopefully will reduce churn as a side-effect. But September's goal will be to make the product less churn-worthy. There are a couple ways of doing that, but I'll wait to talk about them when we get there.

Long post today, thanks for reading!

#### August 4th

**$1,900 MRR, $6,151 in sales**

##### Recap

Woot, \$1900 MRR! 🥳🥳🥳

I have an extremely aggresive revenue goal of getting to \$3,000 by the end of August, but it's looking possible right now. Really cool.

Yesterday, I was able to accomplish all of the goals I had set out for myself, which is great. The membership site now checks your membership status when you try to create an account! Here's what's left:

-   Check membership status when signing in (a repeat of the logic I already wrote, just in another place)
-   Add the Stripe Customer Portal to allow people to cancel subscriptions / create subscriptions
-   Make the UI all pretty

I'm feeling reasonably confident that I can get this done by my self-imposed deadline by the 17th. The scariest part was the authentication, and that's now taken care of.

##### Goals

Today's goals are:

1. Write idea #2 for Issue #9
2. (Stretch) Do signing-in logic
3. Follow up with non-renewal people from the pre-sales, try to gain some insight into why they didn't renew.

Not a lot, but I'm limited on my time on Tuesdays

##### Planning

I modified my goals yesterday [on twitter](https://twitter.com/Kev_Conti/status/1290384377990598660).

My big-picture goal for the month of August is to **double the value of a softwareideas.io subscription for people actively searching for their next business idea**.

The KPI I'm using to track this is the ratio of email signups to paid users. I'll be tracking this every day along with my MRR and sales numbers. Yesterday, it was 16.46. Today, it's 14.74. My goal is 8.23.

Making progress!
